Add `errorData` to job endpoint (#2162)
ethereum/sourcify: packages/lib-sourcify/README.md

The `lib-sourcify` library does not come with compilers as dependencies. Instead, you need to provide a class that implements either the `ISolidityCompiler` or `IVyperCompiler` interface and pass it to any function that requires a compiler. We suggest you to use the official [`@ethereum-sourcify/compilers`](https://github.com/ethereum/sourcify/tree/staging/packages/compilers) package.

> In the case of an error in the `compile` function, Sourcify's server expect the throwned error to have a public `errors` property containing the compilation output's `errors` property.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the case of an error in the `compile` function, `lib-sourcify` expects the thrown error to have a public `errors` property containing the compilation output's `errors` property.
```
